and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth
show i am delighted to be joined by
james berkley today
james is the director of business
development and partnerships manager
over at jb sales he helps sales
professionals develop their skills
providing tactics tips and structure
that yields
immediate results for those wanting to
improve their sales
james a very welcome today sir how are
you doing i'm fantastic thanks for
having me man i'm really excited
no worries dude really looking forward
to chatting today um is this is going to
be a refreshing conversation as we're
going to be talking
all things 2021 but before we get into
that we're going to recap
20 2020 as an overview in terms of what
worked for sales
what we learnt and how far things have
come
in the way of sales in the way of
business and how we've done business
and then we're going to dive into what
we predict
is going to be the the way to go when it
comes to sales in terms of technologies
to use ways to reach out to prospective
customers
and all that good stuff um so as a
starting point james i'd love to hear
kind of a summary of how you feel 2020
has been
from from your side of things when it
comes to sales when it comes to
generating business and your thoughts
yeah so the probably the number one
trend that i've seen
through 2021 is this focus on quality
and less quantity
and i think that is a shift that gen
xers
and older have kind of had to make and i
see this as a generational gap
because most people that fall into gen x
or older tend to play the volume game
pretty commonly which is why a lot of
coaching sessions
are focused on like metrics and kpis
instead of
you know things that worked and other
stuff like that it's
so what i'm seeing is this step back and
how much can we do
and then i'm seeing a more of a focus in
throughout the year yeah what are we
what are we really doing here can we
step up the quality game
and how are we doing it and can we
repeat it like that's
that's become such a huge focus in 2020
and i'm excited to see how that carries
over and translates
into what's happening in 2021 there's so
much
that is going to be different yeah and i
know before you hit record you said
that's what you guys over at jb sales
have been
focusing on more of a quality game and
then going for quantity in terms of the
customers and who you're targeting so
could we dive in into that in a bit more
depth james what do you mean by quality
is that
does i mean my in my mind anyway that i
think comes to things like
thinking about taking on less clients
and more high value
ticket or high ticket um clients perhaps
on
focusing on delivering a better overall
service but how do you see that james
the customer experience overall has been
a huge
point of focus for us like one of the
things that emerged in 2020 that i don't
think anybody saw coming was this focus
on customer success
and that became this whole like it's not
it's not about just holding somebody's
hand and getting them to adopt
your product right customer success has
opportunities to cross-sell upsell
add value uh you know build those
relationships so that renewals
stay consistent um you know offer new
products
new partnerships things that most
customers tend to be a little bit you
know
apprehensive about when it's cold but
when they already have the relationship
customer success
has this ability to sell so what we've
been looking at
is the language that we use in sales i
think we view custom
we view customization and
personalization
a little bit different now there's also
this timeliness factor and this
relevance factor
that wasn't necessarily such a huge
focus
before 2020 and now it's become probably
the most important focus
i think john and morgan have had many
conversations where they'll say
if i have to choose between relevance
and personalization i'm going to choose
relevance because the personalization
part
is kind of something that everybody is
expecting to be the standard at this
point
so now so now instead of looking at
things like
and this is you know again dating going
back to that generational gap right
when someone used our first name when
someone used our title
when somebody pulled in things from our
job descriptions
we used to think to ourselves oh my gosh
this person personalized this message
for me
when in reality they were just other
merged fields right like we all should
we already we all know about merge
fields now so things have
changed so much in how we view
personalization which is why relevance
and timeliness
are going to become the trend needed to
be successful in 2021.
interesting okay okay and on that you
raised an interesting topic there so
talking about
things like customer success which it
sounds like you've been working on
working on cross sales working on
upsells is there any particular nuggets
that you could share with us that
perhaps people don't consider when
they're looking to
to look after their own clients and
making sure
that we're one servicing them to the
best of our ability
making sure they're of course happy with
us and they become sticky clients
so we don't have to worry about them
perhaps only doing their six months or
12-month contract and then
perhaps looking elsewhere any any ways
that you've managed to keep your
customers real real happy
so i i instead of instead of asserting
myself as an expert in this field what i
will do is tell you to follow the person
that's influenced me
most in this realm just watching her
work is meg holsinger megan holsinger
our customer success director at jb
sales
i think she came in with this customer
success
mentality and ended up cross-breeding it
with this sales mentality
yeah we're starting like i believe that
she will be one of the ones to watch in
from a content perspective but also from
a value perspective
and how you can not only win a customer
but keep a customer
and continue to drive value for them
so that they're consistently putting
money in your bank account
i feel like that makes the most sense
like it's not enough to win
anymore we have to figure out what
happens after somebody buys
if that experience is lousy you're not
going to keep that customer
completely agree and no that's that's
cool man i appreciate the recommendation
we're actually getting meg on
in a few weeks time so we can talk all
things customer service with her and
have a good chat
i have learned so much
[Laughter]
good good so yeah relevance
personalization
are there any other things that you
think were quite pivotal
quite key in the last year or so that
you found have really worked in in terms
of your sales your own business
development james
absolutely look around you you're
setting the way that you present
yourself
online your world that people come into
when they join your calls
has been a focus in 2020.
nobody ever thought that they were going
to lose the ability to take
a prospect out to dinner or show up in a
coffee shop and have a drink with them
show up at a bar after hours and
have beers nobody ever thought that that
was going to be something that got
ripped away from us in the sales world
but here we are
and being able to present your
environment if you will like
mine is mine is changing right now i'm
building a consistent environment you
can see my bare walls and the
temporary setup that i've got here all
of this will change
soon because it's got to reflect who i
am and get a very warm and inviting
feeling
for people that join my calls and join
my live sessions and things like that
so i think that's become a focus that we
never saw coming
that will remain a focus through 2021
how are you
building your environment to be
conducive to your selling
yeah yeah yeah i don't think that i've
would have predicted that i was going to
have what half as many zoom calls skype
calls video calls just like this that
i don't think anyone anyone saw that
coming so yeah exactly right i think
it's
taking that a step further i've seen in
a lot of videos now
um james that you may or may not agree
with is it looks like you've spiced up
your setting so for anyone watching on
video james has got
a few nice things in his background
there so i think considering
not just making sure now that you've got
a decent video and half decent
microphone but also making sure that
your setup
looks half credible so not that you've
just woken up in your
in your dressing gown and you you're
still blurry-eyed and you've perhaps got
a few beers on your desk
so making sure your background looks
half presentable
yeah yeah there's a lot of for the
the setting around you i need a plant
you know maybe a bookshelf there's a lot
of things that have to change what's
through those doors right there's some
stuff coming so
you know gotta be ready for it and you
gotta improve it so that people feel
comfortable
in your environment when they speak to
you and just
to touch a bit more on the relevance and
personalization things is there any any
particular things you've had success
with
james on that front that have worked for
the last 12 months or so for yourself or
maybe your team
yeah sure so one of the things that i
picked up on that i think we're all
guilty of
is that we do this thing where we talk
about
somebody in a personal way and then
there's this really disjointed hard
pitch to our product and i think
tying the personalization to the
relevance and the value
is super important john will often use
this example that people do to him or
they'll say
i see you went to the university of
maryland then they're like so we have
this data tool right like there's
no that's definitely disconnected and
they're disjointed
and i think i was guilty of that for a
long time before i called
caught attention to it you know not
largely due to what i've learned this
year
under john and morgan and man yeah but
yeah i mean just
i try to avoid that so ty what i found
is helping is to tie that
personalization to the relevance
and that's a deadly combination for a
high response rate
okay and are there any particular ways
you've you've
used so like you say james is some of
these times even when people are
reaching out to me on linkedin
and with cold messages sometimes i can
literally see that a bot's done it
so they're like sam i can see you work
at web choice
so they've just literally ripped the
company name that saw my lean in profile
how would you like to discuss
xyz software solution crm whatever it
may be it's like
no dude i get about 10 messages those a
day how how have you found to step
up a notch that kind of works for you so
here's a better way
instead of instead of using that kind of
automation
i will often send something i read
that's relevant to them and i'll say
there's a specific part in here if you
look at the third paragraph
that is specifically about what you do
for a living every day and i think it's
relevant i'd like to talk with you about
that particular paragraph
when you get some time instead of saying
can i have 15 minutes of your time to
tell you more
or you know that standard ask for time
say i want to talk about this specific
thing because i can tie it back to this
value that i have
and then asking the question of does
this interest you
is way more easy for them to respond
back to
then can i have 15 minutes of your time
that's too bold to step too soon
cool okay well that makes sense and i
think you've had quite a bit of success
with video right james
we were talking about it we touched on
it a little bit before recording
obviously you've got
you're telling us have you've got a nice
farm set up where where you're based so
you've got some beautiful scenery around
but it sounds like video is working
pretty well is that something used in
your outreach or is that mainly for the
content that you put out on linkedin to
talk about
various things it's both actually and i
feel like there's
a tie-in here to familiarity right i
live in the great smoky mountains
national park i live in a small town
called maryville and all surrounded are
all around me are mountaintops
or what i call mountaintops obviously
the smoky mountains are not
you know mount rainier's of the world
but you know you understand what i'm
saying i constantly have this beautiful
background to use
in my content and then at the same time
i can use that same background
or the the environment i've built here
to create video
in my prospecting and i have found great
success
in sending clearly personalized less
than one minute videos
to prospects even at the enterprise
level in fact
especially at the enterprise level
because they still rarely
get outreach that is authentic and
clearly made for them they more likely
get the inbox automation that we also
dread
when we get into our office i i have
this whole thing i do about the way we
all start our day that's relevant to
that but you know we can do that another
time
yeah i mean like you say we've touched
on it before on the show but it's almost
a pattern interrupt isn't it because
most of us are so used to getting the
classic
automated messages whether it's email
whether it's linkedin just generic junk
that's got no real thought into it when
you get a nice video
perhaps in a personalized outdoor
background like yourself or wherever you
may be
it interrupts what you're used to and
it's actually someone
go ahead yeah i think buyers i think
buyers are hyper-sensitive to automation
in general now
because it's become so commonplace that
we can spot it so here's the mentality
now
it used to be do you think this is
automated but
now if it could have been automated
we immediately our brains immediately
default to
it is automated because if i can't pick
out anything
in that message no matter where i'm
reading it that literally is
unable to be personalized i have a hard
time believing it wasn't written by an
ai a bought or pre-written
and then put into a cadence of some kind
not that that's a bad thing there's a
time and place for all that stuff
there's no like we're not poo pooing on
automation here
i think what we're doing is raising up
the need for quality outreach and
personalization and relevance and
timeliness
and using your automation to foster
those things and harness them
that is the true need for that harmony
love that love that okay dude well we've
had a quick recap of 2020.
yeah moving on to the year ahead at the
time of recording this we are christmas
eve
eve obviously the show will go out a bit
later but we always record live
um it's a very nearly christmas very
very near 2021.
what do you think is going to change
james first and foremost how do you
think the way we do business the way we
maybe sell the way we reach out and the
way we bring
business bring deals to the table yeah
do you think it's going to change a lot
is it going to be much the same as what
we've just talked about or what do you
see coming
i believe that it has no choice but to
change if 2020 has taught us nothing
else
it's that 2021 has got to be the most
creative year
when it comes to making an impact and
driving response
in your messaging or your sales
practices of any kind
um so here's some things that i think
are
we're like we're watching these things
change right now
uh so the first one to talk about right
out the bet right out of the gate
is that the role of the sdr is changing
dramatically
right where it used to be quite kpi and
metric and cold call focused
it's becoming much more well-rounded at
this point
where sdrs are doing things like what
you're doing here
creating podcasts sdrs are becoming blog
writers
and internet personalities influencers
and thought leaders if you will
and they're wanting to remain in the
role which is unusual
what happens is i think they naturally
gravitate towards becoming a full cycle
sales rep
over the course of their two three-year
stint as an
sdr that is well-rounded and omnipresent
and creating a brand unto themselves
that is changing
so quickly because we've all had to lean
on other avenues
to generate conversation so i think the
role of the sdr is changing and at the
same time we're moving back to
full cycle sales can you prospect can
you
identify can you qualify can you
discover
can you close and i'm excited to see
where that leads us
as an industry yeah yeah yeah i mean i'm
a huge fan of
full cycle selling as i've pretty much
done a jack of all trades that
regular listeners would know so i've
done i've been an sdr i've been a
business development rep been a sales
manager and now co-own web choice
as a digital marketing co yeah but that
that to one side
it sounds like you're you're very of a
very similar mindset to me james and the
fact that
i strongly believe and i've talked about
this on quite a few other podcasts that
sales people business owners doesn't
matter if you run a business or if
you're selling for a business
you need to be creating content as a
differentiator
because if you're just relying on the
tactics to work before and years gone
past whether that's cold calling whether
that's cold email
any kinds of traditional outreach you're
gonna be replaced
by some kind of ai technology some kind
of robot if you're not
having this differentiator um whether
it's like you mentioned create
having your own podcast your own blog
your own unique kind of copy where you
put your spin on things
and i guess another way to get in front
of your ideal prospects right
um then you could be replaced what are
your thoughts on that
well that's why the skill set separation
has to be there and that's one of the
reasons why we believe that
the new the new way that we've decided
to go to market for the frontline sales
reps
is john barrows on demand so you've seen
a b
sales on demand if you haven't feel free
to go check it out it's on demand
dot jbarrows.com we'll i'll send you the
link we'll put it in the
in the the follow-up here for everyone
uh but that particular platform
fosters this full cycle sales rep you
have to know
how to prospect if like there's this so
there's this breaking point that
happened in 2020
where sdr's finally realized that just
because they're going to become an
account executive
doesn't mean they don't have to prospect
anymore
and i think that happened because many
reps
were expecting to become an ae through
and it didn't happen because right
business took a dive
everybody slowed down everything shrank
the importance of one thing just
disappeared overnight and something else
came into focus
as the immediate priority and it wasn't
your transition to account executive
right yeah yeah something totally
different so that we could all
stay employed so there's this like
disconnect that was happening where aes
were saying you know i'm just going to
let marketing do their job and i'm going
to reach out to things they send me that
are hand raisers
and those are going to be the deals i
work things that gets into
sdrs from sdrs things that are you know
downloads of white papers like those are
kind of secondary for me now it became
this like free-for-all and you need all
those skills
if you are going to survive through 2021
because
having all the skills being able to
prospect being able to negotiate being
able to close
being able to build your brand being
able to social sell
being able to cold call you need all of
those skills
to make it through 2021 and be
profitable
that is the key word there profitable
it's totally different if you cover your
nut
and even out at the end of the year
versus someone that made your company
money
those are the people that will still be
standing at the end of 2021 which will
not be easier than 2020.
i think there's a common
misunderstanding about what's coming
this will not be an easy year just
because it's not 2020 anymore guys
yeah yeah no no enjoying this dude so no
i love what you're saying there
and i love the fact that you're saying
basically it sounds like sales people
business owners need to
use all the tools available to their
tool kit so
you need to look at social selling you
need to look at linkedin if you're b2b
or perhaps
instagram facebook if you're btc you
need to look at ways to stand out ways
to create content raise to reach out to
more of your prospects or be in
be front of mind with your prospects
whether that's podcasting whether that's
doing live interviews like we're doing
now whether that's creating blogs or
putting out posts through social media
so obviously continuing the traditional
tasks as well i guess so whether that's
called outreach via email
um and calls um and then
what are your thoughts james should we
be trying to do all of it at once and
almost overwhelm us
or should we just go all in after
testing a few channels out on what
really works
um what do you tend to recommend when
you're teaching reps
so teaching reps teaching reps to be
omni-channel
is something that i talk about all the
time and i think it's necessary and
we've been down this path quite a bit
this year on my calls
of like what's the language
differentials between a twitter and
instagram
a snapchat uh an email a cold call like
how do i
tie all these things together so that
i'm not an obnoxious salesperson
and i'm somebody that can be viewed as
valuable for my prospects
um but the avenues of connection
have to be a focus for us coming down
the pipe here
there's no avoiding the fact that you
can't
so so i don't know if you remember but
there was a platform before facebook
called myspace that was really popular
[Laughter]
so so myspace used to be this
black hole that employees that worked in
technology would dive into
and they would spend hours on myspace
and i remember
my boss at the university of miami would
catch his p his people us
on myspace and he would come up to our
desk and be like hey turn that off i
don't pay you to be on myspace
like that in 2021 you better
believe that your boss is going to be
encouraging you to be on twitter and on
instagram and on snapchat and all these
other people right
like all these other places putting your
content out and driving
connection because connection in in 2021
will be where everything has to start
you've got to be credible
to earn a conversation and that's gonna
have to start happening
yeah no real real nice points man i like
that um
okay so the role of the cell sdr sales
rep is going to change
we they need to be considering going
full cycle utilizing all these channels
we've just mentioned
any other predictions any any other
changes james in mind
i believe that entrepreneurs ceos
decision makers
are going to be much more open to ideas
from the front lines
for new avenues of revenue right
yeah like i mean partnerships
are done to death people are always
looking at partnerships in a specific
light i think if we're real clear about
that you can drive
great business with the right partners
uh you know being a the partner manager
at jb
sales you know it's a lot of just
upfront conversation here's what we
expect here's what you expect
great can we meet somewhere let's find
this way and make it happen
uh and shows
and creative content is what
picks people's attention up and causes
them to go
find you and connect with you and that
always should lead to a conversation and
that
very linear connection between
seller and buyer is going to be
highlighted through 2021 i want to see
like
all the stories of people that connected
on twitter and closed
six figure deals because they got into
this meme war
with someone you know like i feel like
that's a good way to build rapport
a good way to get credibility a good way
to be meaningful
and a good way for people to feel
comfortable talking to you man
how how enlightening has it been in 2020
for you
to see the difference in the way people
approach you and
talk to you there's no time to waste now
so the nicety
of sales is fading away so we have to
find
other ways other than saying i hope you
and your family are safe during this
time
unprecedented time that that that stuff
is so meaningless we've
we've discredited and devalued all that
so being able to connect with someone
online and build that credibility
it has to it has to start happening
sure um so so you look after
partnerships over at
jb sales as one of your roles james and
you mentioned a good point there that
that people that are part of the team
need to be coming to the to
entrepreneurs or their ceos or perhaps
the management with their own ideas
to help drive revenue help grow business
in terms of
partnerships is there anything we should
be thinking about the perhaps businesses
perhaps sales people want
aren't consuming right now how they can
grow their own partnership
so by that are we talking about
partnering with similar companies are we
part
talking about partnering with perhaps
businesses that could pass us potential
work potential customers potential
clients
or are we talking about more along the
content creation route
or what would you advise along that that
type of thing james
well you know i think we're seeing it
happen already with all the acquisitions
and roll-ups i mean
let's let's call attention to the most
recent one that was pretty staggering
salesforce purchased slack at 27 billion
you know that's a value add to their
platform that's undeniable we want to
own this we want to invest here
we want to see this company become part
of our company
join the culture you know that's such a
cultural collaboration
that i think we're going to see more of
it's not like they removed a competitor
off the board by buying them out which
is what we often see
right we're going to absorb this other
company because they're a player in the
space and we want their market share
very common
instead this was a value add purchase
and i think
that's what we're going to see uh
earlier i think
i want to say it was after late 2019 it
was sales loft
that purchased costello okay
that that's the same kind of acquisition
there right the same kind of
value-add decision i'd like to see more
of that and i think we will in 2021
cool man and are there any potential
hurdles that you can
foresee that we need to be aware of i
mean one that comes to my mind straight
away
is everyone's got zoom video calls skype
fatigue right now
so when you're just doing the classic in
your outreach a cold cold outreach or
however
you're going about your prospecting to
generate meetings or appointments
no one wants another zoom call for the
sake of it do they really so if you can
keep your your messages your outreach to
the point and rather than saying can i
grab 15 minutes for a meeting can you
say look you're open to learning more
is this something that makes sense to
discuss so rather than just going for
that me no wants another zoom meeting
for the sake of it do they so
i think that's definitely one that comes
to my mind but there are any hurdles
that you think
james or perhaps a way to overcome my
objection that i've just put in your
your face there oh i love that one all
right so this is what's been working for
me i'm excited to share this one
with you and i don't know why i didn't
share it earlier but your question
definitely triggered it so here's what
i'm having success with
a lot of people come at you and ask you
for time
you really want that call that call the
phone call
is totally different than zoom it's like
a break you can get up and walk around
and have the call it's a break for you
it will stimulate that part of your
brain
that's fatigued from the zoom calls so
instead of being like let's put some
time on the calendar anytime somebody
wants your time
i've had success with being like here's
my cell call me i'm free for the next 15
minutes
okay then they're calling me instead of
me cold calling them
and that works you'd be amazed at how
many people pick up the phone and dial
my phone number
and they're like this is awesome thank
you so much
even if they don't that's why even if
they don't do it in 15 minutes
they do it later or they call and i
answer at like six o'clock at night and
i'm like oh man we missed our window
it's six o'clock
when are you free tomorrow let's i'll
put it on the calendar and we'll
actually call is this your cell
let me save it in my phone so that i
have you in my phone
it's amazing to me the way that this
creates a really
human connection uh and all you've done
is just made yourself available to them
and be like i'm free for the next 15
minutes here's my direct
dial instead of you trying to hook them
down
yeah it's like this is you really want
to talk about this here's my here's my
info
right dial my number i'll talk about it
with you so
that like that's like a form of cold
calls like reverse cold calling
that is like reverse cold cooling i like
that it's definitely definitely a
pattern interrupt because i i
for one haven't seen that so uh right it
works
james has got a nice ninja hack for
anyone wanting to throw up their meeting
rate
and i'm probably going to try that
myself i think cool man
and any any other ideas on what might be
a potential hurdle what you've seen
that's this
is perhaps getting tougher and tougher
to do when it comes to
not necessarily prospecting perhaps
getting deals over the line
or anything in terms of the sales cycle
consistency will be the hurdle
uh in 2021 i i think for the last three
years i've seen the same thing every
january
i see new content creators
you know they come out yeah weekly you
know twice a week sometimes
and they're hard with it walk-in talks
you know 30-minute clips what do i want
to talk about
you know some of them talk about their
products others don't by march those
those people 90 of them just disappear
consistency
consistency will need to be there
through 2021 if you're building
more if you want to be more than just a
sales rep
consistency will need to be there so and
you know nobody got into sales and was
like geez i can't wait to dance for my
dinner every month for the rest of my
life
right we all want bigger and better and
you're gonna have to get there
by being consistent i i see consistency
being an enormous thing
a hurdle to overcome in 2021 it's gonna
be a lot of distractions
new stuff is happening you gotta find
your way right
so be consistent and you'll find your
way and it's tough right isn't it james
being consistent
so i can say like this podcast we've
been running almost a year now so we
started it
back in january of 2020 when it was just
an idea in my mind and something i
thought would be fun to do over time
we build a great audience we've managed
to get some sponsors so we've been
really fortunate in what we've
we've achieved but it's not easy i mean
it took a lot of
dedication there were times where i
thought this is taking a lot of my time
so we've had to employ someone
with production and we've had to manage
time between the family and the kids and
all that good stuff
so as you say you need to commit you
need to be consistent
and then on top of that we're running
web choice or running a digital
marketing case so managing
various things as a sales professional
is not easy and you need to keep your
eyes on the price which is of course if
you've got
a sales target a revenue target that
might enable you to get bonuses
might enable you to get that that house
you're after or that holiday after
whatever it is you want to achieve in
your life
or your goals um any tips around that
james in terms of how we can
keep motivated keep things consistent so
we don't just
be a one-trick pony perhaps post on
linkedin for a week and then forget
about it or perhaps
do a few emails do a few cold outreaches
and then go to sleep because we can't be
bothered
so you you used a magic sentence in
there
that uh always catches my attention and
you know you said you said it isn't
going to be easy
and i always look for those types of
sentences because
i always point this out it's it's not
supposed to be easy but it is supposed
to be fun
and that's my tip to stimulate it and
stay positive is that remember to have
fun with the job
it's supposed to be a good time if
you're not having a fun
selling to somebody that person that's
buying from you is probably not
having fun buying from you and when you
can
make the purchase process as fun as the
delivery and the product and everything
else and everything about what you're
doing says
man this is just such a pleasure to go
through this
with you what you've done there is
you've provided a customer experience
for somebody that creates loyalty
that creates value and that consistently
drives them to do better be better grow
further
and when you can focus on the fun part
all that other stuff comes quite easily
and that's the stuff we're striving for
so hard with all of our professional
effort that could be gained simply by
taking a step
back and realizing this is supposed to
be a good time
if you're not having fun doing this job
go do something else
so good so good um completely love that
completely agree
and do you think in your opinion anyway
james does that come down to
actually being passionate about the
product or service you offer
does it come down to being passionate or
service at least about the outcomes that
it provides for your end customers
or is it just a case of even if you
maybe don't enjoy
the product or you don't enjoy the
outcomes you are so focused on
hitting your targets or something like
that i
you know passion is such a big part of
having a good time with something i
think it's necessary but i think passion
about your company your product
your service your customer your client
your prospect
passionate about all those things is a
collaborative effort
and you have to have all of them you
can't if one isn't there
and it shows you could lose the deal so
it doesn't matter where you're
you're you want to put that passion have
you have to work towards that overall
encompassing passion for what you do and
why you do it
um there's a lot of great products out
there that are being sold by people that
are just not passionate about it
you know those people have buyers too
like everybody everybody can find that
person that
likes to buy from their personality i
talk about this all the time in the
one-on-one calls
where i say to people hey man uh have
you ever met somebody
that you you shook their hand and you
were like i really like that person
you don't know why they just you like
them and then you meet somebody and
you're like i can't stand that
right like we all have those people yeah
personalities that we gravitate towards
and the personalities that we kind of
try to avoid
buying and selling is the same you know
it's like a dog approaching a cat is
this my
is this good is this i don't know maybe
so you have to wade those waters really
well and
and yeah i'm excited to like see where
all of this
goes through the year because i think
it's becoming more of a focus and that's
my favorite stuff in the world is like
the psychology behind it
i think that's a really good good place
to end i mean certainly have fun with it
because if you're not
what firstly why are you doing it
secondly how are you gonna it's gonna
rub off on your customers so if your
prospects your customers that you're
speaking to can sense that
what you're putting how you'll come
across how many you're coming across
isn't genuine
you're not passionate about what you do
so that's going to rub off on your tone
the way you come across which is on
video core if it's on phone call the way
where you sound
and then ultimately are you really going
to hit your targets consistently
if you're not passionate about at least
what you do or the outcomes
and there's there's no real longevity
awesome james look i want to
thank you very much for your time sir
this has been a truly enjoyable
conversation
thank you so much for having me on no
worries dude we'll have to have you back
on in the new year 2021 at some stage
and
come up with a fresh fresh plan um until
then james
please do tell us more about how people
can learn from you how people can
connect with you
and the best way to get that yes so i
have so many things to tell you guys to
go follow first of all
definitely check out
ondemand.jbarrows.com to subscribe
for jb sales on demand that's all of our
training wrapped up in a pretty package
for your frontline use
uh and then i also want to tell you to
you can google say what sales hashtag
say what sales that's my personal brand
you'll find me on instagram and all the
other social platforms i love linkedin
it's probably my most valuable network
uh reach out to me via email james
jbarrows.com and
follow our new jb sales training
instagram
page at jb sales training all one word
that's where we're dropping consistent
sales fire for you to pick up
and take actionable things back to your
desk the next day
awesome man awesome stuff so all the
information on today's show will be
available on
business growth dot marketing that's
business growth dot marketing
and i want to thank you once again james
really appreciate it man that's my
pleasure thanks for having me on i
appreciate the time
cheers dude if you enjoy the show be
sure to hit subscribe for business
growth show where the heck you get your
podcast from
we interview business leaders each and
every week to provide you with
actionable tips to grow your business
grow your sales and make best use of
marketing and i want to thank you for
tuning in